[eerie music]
(male narrator) YOU'RE TRA VEL
ING' THROUGH ANOTHER DIMENSION,
A DIMENSION NOT ONLY OF SIGHT
AND SOUND, BUT OF MIND.
A JOURNEY INTO
A WONDROUS LAND
WHOSE BOUNDARIES ARE
THAT OF IMAGINATION.
THAT'S THE
SIGNPOST UP AHEAD.
YOUR NEXT STOP,
THE TWILIGHT ZONE.
(narrator) UNIQUELY AMERICAN INSTITUTION
KNOWN AS THE NEIGHBORHOOD BAR.
READING LEFT TO RIGHT ARE MR.
ANTHONY O'TOOLE, PROPRIETOR,
WHO WATERS HIS DRINKS
LIKE GERANIUMS
BUT WHO STANDS FOUR-SQUARE
FOR PEACE AND QUIET
AND FOR
BOOTHS FOR LADIES.
THIS IS MR. JOSEPH J. CALLAHAN,
AN UNREGISTERED BOOKIE,
WHOSE ENTIRE LIFE IS
ANY SPORTING EVENT
WITH TWO SIDES
AND A SET OF ODDS.
HIS IDEA OF A MEETING AT
THE SUMMIT IS ANY DIALOG
BETWEEN A CATCHER AND A PITCHER
WITH MORE THAN ONE MAN ON BASE.
AND THIS ANIMATED CITIZEN
IS EVERY ANONYMOUS BETTOR
WHO EVER
DROPPED RENT MONEY
OIVA HORSE RACE OR PRIZE FIGHT
ORA FLOATING CRAP GAII/IE
AND WHO TOOK OUT HIS
FRUSTRATIONS AND HIS INSOLVENCY
ON ANY VULNERABLE FELLOW
BARSTOOL COMPANION
WITHIN ARM'S
AND FIST'S REACH.
AND THIS IS MR. LUTHER DINGLE,
A VACUUM CLEANER SALESMAN
WHOSE VOLUME OF BUSINESS
IS ROUGHLY THAT
OF A VALET AT A
HOBO CONVENTION.
HE'S A CONSUMMATE FAILURE
IN ALMOST EVERYTHING
BUT IS A GOOD LISTENER
AND HAS A PROMINENT JAW.
DON'T GIVE ME
THAT, CALLAHAN.
I DON'T PAY OFF
ON A BUM CALL.
THREE UMPIRES CALL
THE MAN OUT.
I CALL
60,000 FANS CALL
THE MAN OUT.
THE FINAL SCORE VVAS
PITTSBURGH 3, DODGERS NOTHING.
YOU AND I GOT
AN EVEN BET, PAL.
I HAPPENED TO HA\/E THE PIRATES.
YOU GOT THE DODGERS.
SO YOU OWE ME
FIVE DOLLARS.
THE BALL WAS FOUL
WHEN IT HIT HIM
SO INSTEAD OF AN OUT,
IT WAS A FOUL BALL.
SO VVHO'S TO SAY THERE WOULDN'T
HA\/E BEEN A MAN ON BASE?
AND VVHEN PIGNATANO GOT A SINGLE
A RUN VVOULD HA\/E SCORED.
AND LIKE THAT. AND
FURTHERMORE, CALLAHAN,
YOU'RE NOTHING BUT A CHEATING
INSULT TO THE AMERICAN BOOKIE.
OH, YEAH? I'LL GIVE YOU FI\/E
SECONDS TO TAKE BACK THAT INNUENDO.
CALLAHAN, I TOLD YOU
ONCE BEFORE ALREADY.
YOU START ANOTHER
BRAWL IN HERE
AND I'M GONNA FIX
THAT MOUTH OF YOURS
SO ANY FUTURE
DRINKING YOU'LL DO
IS GONNA BE THROUGH A
TUBE STUCK IN A\/EIN.
ME? VVHY ME? TELL IT
TO THE TROUBLEMAKER.
THE NUMBER-ONE WELCHER
OF ALL THE WESTERN STATES
SITTING OVER HERE.
HIS FATHER OVVES MY FATHER FROM
THE SECOND DEMPSEY-TUNNEY FIGHT.
YEAH? YEAH? YEAH?
MAINLY ON ACCOUNT OF
IT WAS A BUM CALL.
HEY, BUDDY, DID YOU
SEE THE TUNNEY FIGHT?
YOU REMEMBER THE REFEREE
VVITH THE LONG COUNT?
THE GUY WAS KNOCKED
CLEAR OUT OF THE RING.
YOU COULD HAVE GONE UP \N THE
STANDS, GOT A CAN OF BEER
ENGAGED IN A
LITTLE CONVERSATION,
COME BACK,
SIT DOWN IN YOUR SEAT
AND THE REFEREE STILL
WASN'T FINISHED COUNTING.
NOW, I ASK YOU,
HOW ABOUT THAT?
I ASK YOU,
HOW ABOUT IT?
ME?
YEAH, YEAH, YOU.
DID YOU WATCH THE GAME
ON TV LAST NIGHT?
YOU TALK ABOUT
BUM CALLS.
DUKE SNIDER WAS UP
IN THE NINTH INNING.
TVVO MEN VVERE OUT. HOVVARD AND
MOON VVERE ON FIRST AND SECOND.
AND THIS UMPIRE VVITH
NO PUPILS IN HIS EYES
CALLS A FOUL BALL AN OUT.
DID YOU SEE IT?
[stuttering] YES,
AS A MATTER OF FACT
I DID WATCH THE
GAME ON TELEVISION.
EXCEPTIONAL DEFENSIVE
PLAY, EXCEPTIONAL.
ABNER D-D-DOUBLEDAY
WOULD HAVE BEEN PROUD.
NEVER MIND ABOUT
ABNER DOUBLEDAY.
I'M WILLING TO LEAVE
IT UP TO YOU.
WAS IT A FOUL BALL
OR WAS IT AN OUT?
IT APPEARS TO ME THAT THE
BALL FELL INTO FAIR TERRITORY
AND THEREFORE WHEN
STRIKING THE GROUND
AND HITTING THE BATTER,
THE RULES \/ERY DEFINITELY
STATE THE BATTER VVAS OUT.
YOU ASKED THE MAN,
YOU GOT AN ANSWER.
OF COURSE YOU
REALIZE, PAL
THAT YOU'RE CALLING ME A LIAR.
NOW, I'M NOT AN
UNREASONABLE MAN
SO I'M GOING TO Gl\/E
YOU ONE MORE CHANCE.
WAS IT A
FOUL BALL--
OR WAS IT
AN OUT?
WELL, IT'S MY
CONSIDERED OPINION--
HOVV'S COME YOU GOT TO
ALVVAYS BE HITTING DINGLE?
YOU HIT HIM LAST WEEK,
YOU HIM THE WEEK BEFORE.
A MAN CAN ONLY
STAND SO MUCH.
I'M TIRED OF THIS
GUY CONTRADICTING ME.
AND WHEN A GUY
CALLS ME A LIAR,
THERE'S MY HONOR
TO BE CONSIDERED.
YOUR HONOR?
YOU'VE GOT NOTHING
IN LINE IN YOU
FROM THE BOTTOM
OF YOUR ARCHES
TO WHERE YOU
PART YOUR HAIR--
VVHICH IS PRETTY TOUGH TO FIND.
AND WHEN YOU DIE,
THEY'LL HA\/E TO SCREVV
YOU IN THE GROUND.
AM I CROOKED?
YOU GOT TO BELIEVE ME.
DINGLE, DINGLE,
FOR ONCE...
FOR ONCE, WHY CAN'T
YOU BE NEUTRAL?
AM I CROOKED?
WHY DON'T YOU TELL THE MAN'?
WAIT A MINUTE,
BACK OFF.
ARE YOU SERIOUS
ABOUT THIS?
[arguing]
(narrator) AND THESE TWO UNSEEN GENTLEMEN
ARE VISITORS FROM OUTER SPACE.
THEY'RE ABOUT TO ALTER
THE DESTINY OF LUTHER DINGLE
BY LEAVING HIM A LEGACY
THE KIND YOU CAN'T
HARDLY FIND NO MORE.
IN JUST A MOMENT, A SAD-FACED,
PERENNIAL PUNCHING BAG
VVHO MISSED E\/EN THE CABOOSE
OF LIFE'S GRAVY TRAIN
WILL TAKE A
SHORT CONSTITUTIONAL
INTO THAT MOST
UNPREDICTABLE REGION
THAT WE REFER TO
AS THE TWILIGHT ZONE.
THIS MAN DON'T KNOVV THE
FIRST THING ABOUT BASEBALL.
[arguing]
IF ANYBODY
CAN TELL ME
THE PHILLIES
DESERVED
VVINNING THE PENNANT THAT YEAR
THEY'RE OUT
OF THEIR MINDS.
YOU SURE
WE'RE INVISIBLE?
BEYOND ANY DOUBT.
I WISH THEY WERE.
YOU DON'T HAVE
TO DO THAT.
[arguing]
YOU DON'T EVEN
HAVE TO ANSWER.
JUST BECAUSE HE DON'T
LIKE THE PHILLIES-
LET ME TELL HIM.
YOU HAVE A BRAIN OF
YOUR OWN, DON'T YOU?
YOU HAVE YOUR
OWN VIEWPOINT.
WHAT DID YOU THINK OF
THE PHILLIES OF 1953?
PHILLIES... 1953?
THAT'S RIGHT.
THAT'S RIGHT,
PHILLIES OF 1953.
YOU E\/ER SEE SUCH
JERKY-LOOKING CREATURES?
AND ONE HEAD YET.
TYPICAL EARTHMEN.
NOT REALLY THOUGH.
THE ONE IN THE MIDDLE,
THE ONE VVHO JUST SUFFERED
THE PHYSICAL DAMAGE
HE MAY BE THE ONE VVE'\/E
BEEN LOOKING FOR.
HOW DO YOU MEAN?
SILENCE, I'M
RECEIVING HIS WAVES.
NAME IS DINGLE,
ABJECT COWARD,
DOES NOT EVEN POSSESS WHAT EARTH
CREATURES CALL MINIMUM MUSCLES.
DECIDEDLYA
SUB-PHYSICAL TYPE.
ITHINK WE HAVE
FOUND OUR SUBJECT.
YOU INTEND TO GI\/E HIM
THE ADDITIONAL STRENGTH?
VVE HA\/EN'T FOUND ANYONE
VVEAKER, HA\/E VVE?
I BELIEVE HE WILL BE
AN EXCEPTIONAL SUBJECT.
GIVE HIM, OH, AROUND 11
SECOGRAMS ATOMIC VVEIGHT.
THAT SHOULD MAKE HIM
ROUGHLY 3OO TIMES STRONGER
THAN THE AVERAGE
HUMAN BEING.
YES, I THINK
THAT WILL DO IT.
WE'D BETTER CONTACT
CENTRAL LABORATORIES.
TELL THEM WE HAVE
FOUND A SUBJECT.
IN OTHER WORDS,
YOU'RE TELLING ME
THAT YOU THOUGHT ROBIN
ROBERTS HAD MORE STUFF
THAN CLEM LABINE?
WELL, TO BE
FRANK AND CANDID,
THOSE TWO MEN, AS
GOOD AS THEY BOTH ARE
AND ALL THINGS--
BEING EQUAL...
COME ON ALREADY,
TAKE YOUR PICK.
MMM.
ROBERTS?
AW, FOR THE
LAST TIME.
YOU START ONE MORE
ROUGHHOUSE IN HERE
AND I WON'T LET
YOU COME BACK.
NOW, LOOK WHAT
YOU'VE DONE.
HOW YOU
FEELING, DINGLE?
C-C-CLEM I-L-L-LABINE
WAS DEFINITELY SUPERIOR.
YOU SEE? ALL
I MADE HIM DO
WAS SEE
THINGS CLEARER.
I CAN OBSERVE
HIM NOW.
LET HIM HAVE IT.
[electrical crackling]
[crackling continues]
HOW ABOUT IT, DINGLE?
HOW YOU DOING?
DEFINITELY CLEM LABINE.
DINGLE, WOULD YOU
MIND A LITTLE ADVICE?
NOW, THE WHOLE WORLD
IS FULL OF GUYS
THAT ARE GOING TO GET
PUNCHED IN THE NOSE
NO MATTER WHO THEY
PICK IN A BALL GAME
OR WHO THEY
VOTE FOR.
NOW, YOU WANT
TO KNOW MY ADVICE
FOR VVHAT YOU SHOULD DO FOR
THE REST OF YOUR LIFE?
JUST DON'T TALK,
JUST NOD.
SOMEBODY ASKS YOU WHO
YOU LIKE IN THE THIRD,
YOU JUST SMILE.
YOU UNDERSTAND, DINGLE?
MM.
[Ping]
WHAT'S THE MATTER?
IT'S VERY ODD.
WHAT'S ODD?
I... I FEEL
F-F-FUNNY.
FUNNY?
YEAH.
WONDER WHAT
CAUSED THAT?
CAUSED WHAT?
WELL, THIS VACUUM
CLEANER, IT'S...
LIGHT AS A FEATHER.
NOT THAT THE MACHINE
ISN'T RIGHT, NO SIR.
IT'S THE LIGHTEST
ON THE MARKET.
YES, SIR,
I TELL YOU
IT'S A HANDY-DANDY, JIM CRACKER,
A-1 PIECE OF MERCHANDISE.
GUARANTEED TO LIGHTEN THE
LOAD AND LENGTHEN THE LIFE
OF THAT PARTNER IN THE HOME,
TH-TH- THE HOUSEVVIFE.
BUT I DIDN'T KNOW
IT WAS--THIS LIGHT. HM?
DINGLE, I ALVVAYS FIGURED
YOU FOR A NICE GUY.
YOU NEVER CAUSED
ME NO TROUBLE.
NOVV VVHY ALL OF A SUDDEN YOU
GOT TO VVREOK MY FRONT DOOR?
MR. O'TOOLE,
I'M MYSTIFIED.
I'M ABSOLUTELY MYSTIFIED.
THIS DOOR SEEMED TO COME
RIGHT OFF IN MY HANDS.
YOU HERE AGAIN?
DIDN'T MY OLD MAN SAY
HE WAS GONNA PUNCH YOU
IN THE NOSE
IF YOU CAME AROUND HERE
BOTHERING US AGAIN?
YOU'RE QUITE RIGHT.
IT'S THE WRONG NUMBER.
I WAS HEADED
ACROSS THE STREET.
NOVV THAT'S NOT THE BEST OF
ALL POSSIBLE MANNERS, IS IT?
AW, GO PEDDLE YOUR VACUUM
CLEANERS, YOU CREEP
AND THROW ME
MY BALL BACK.
ALL RIGHT, RUN
OUT FOR THE PASS.
HEY, MISTER, VVHERE'D YOU LEARN
TO FLING A BALL LIKE THAT?
WHY, I DON'T KNOW.
I REALLY DON'T...
WHAT IS HAPPENING?
WHAT ON EARTH IS
HAPPENING TO ME?
TAXI, TAXI, PLEASE.
THANK YOU.
OH, BELIEVE ME!
THIS IS AS MUCH A MYSTERY
TO ME AS IT IS TO YOU.
THEY DON'T MAKE HANDLES
LIKE THEY USED TO, DO THEY?
OH, I'M SORR...
[clears throat]
EXCUSE ME, MISS.
YES?
I DON'T WANT YOU TO
THINK I'M A MASHER.
I'M CERTAINLY
NOT A MASHER.
BUT WOULD YOU MIND
ANSWERING A QUESTION?
THAT DEPENDS.
WELL, WHAT I MEAN
IS LOOKING AT ME
IN A PERFUNCTORY,
CURSORY FIRST SURVEIL,
DO I APPEAR ABNORMAL
IN ANY VVAY?
NOT AT ALL.
NOT UNLESS YOU PLAN TO
USE THAT IN THE PARK.
OH, THAT.
DO YOU KNOW THAT UP
UNTIL A FEW HOURS AGO
I SOLD THOSE?
OR I WENT THROUGH
THE MOTIONS.
I VVAS A VERY BAD SALESMAN.
MISERABLE.
YOU KNOW, LAST WEEK
I ONLY MADE 89 CENTS
IN COMMISSIONS.
THAT WAS FOR
AN ATTACHMENT.
IT'S THE
UPHOLSTERY NOZZLE.
AND I SOLD IT
TO A DRUNK
VVHO THOUGHT IT VVAS A
DIVINING ROD FOR ALCOHOL.
OH, I FULLY EXPECT
TO BE FIRED
BUT THAT IS THE LEAST
OF MY TROUBLE.
WOULD YOU
BE INTERESTED
IN HEARING THE MOST
OF MY WORRIES?
GO AHEAD.
WATCH.
[screaming]
YOU SEE?
NOW, W-W-WATCH THIS.
HEY, BUDDY, I'M A REPORTER
VVITH THE BULLET/N.
WOULD YOU MIND
DOING THAT AGAIN?
WITH THE ROCK?
WHAT'S THE GAG?
THERE'S NO GAG, SEE?
GET ANOTHER
ONE OF THOSE.
THIS I GOT TO GET
IN THE PAPER.
[groaning]
HOW'S THIS?
[clock ticking]
[alarm ringing]
[alarm continues ringing]
[ringing StOPS]
MR. DINGLE, IF WHAT
WE HEAR IS TRUE,
DO YOU REALIZE HOVV
MUCH MONEY CAN BE MADE
ON A TOUR WITH
OUR CARNIVAL?
MR. DINGLE, THIS
IS A CON ARTIST.
YOUR FUTURE LIES
IN TELEVISION.
YOU'RE THE WALKING,
TALKING EMBODIMENT
OF EVERY AMERICAN MALE'S
VVISH FULFILLMENT.
YOU'RE JOHN
Q. CITIZEN.
YOU'RE BABBITT, YOU'RE
TOM, DICK AND HARRY.
NOW HERE'S OUR IDEA
FOR THE SERIES.
A SIMPLE 15-MINUTE
ADDRESS BY YOU
WITH LITTLE EXAMPLES OF
YOUR PHYSICAL PROWESS.
IT'S A NATURAL FOR
BREAKFAST CEREALS
TONICS, VITAMIN
PILLS, ANYTHING.
AND I KEEP
TELLING YOU
YOU LINE UP
WITH ME
I'LL GET YOU
SOME EASY SETUPS.
INSIDE OF EIGHT MONTHS
I'LL HA\/E YOU FIGHTING
FOR THE WORLD
CHAMPIONSHIP.
THAT'S SO
RIDICULOUS.
(reporter) WOULD THE PEOPLE
SURROUNDING MR. DINGLE
JUST GET OUT OF
THE WAY, PLEASE.
OUT OF THE WAY.
THE CAMERA IN THERE-AND
THAT LIGHT THERE AND...
[clears throat]
HELLO, THERE, FRIENDS.
JASON ABERNATHY HERE
WITH YOUR SHOW,
TV PROBE-S' THE UNUSUAL- [chuckles
dryly and clears throat]
AND OUR UNUSUAL SUBJECT TODAY IS MR.
LUTHER DINGLE
WHO, IF WHAT ACTUAL
ONLOOKERS SAY IS TRUE,
IS THE WORLD'S-- STRONGEST MAN.
[clears throat]
MR. DINGLE...
WOULD YOU CARE TO
GIVE US AN EXAMPLE
OF THIS FANTASTIC, ER,
ER-ALLEGED STRENGTH OF YOURS?
I'D BE
HA-HAPPY TO.
IS IT ALL RIGHT, MR.
CTTOOLE, IF I--
ARE YOU KIDDING?
LAIN'T DONE
SO MUCH BUSINESS
SINCE THE NIGHT THEY
REPEALED THE 18th AMENDMENT.
BE MY GUEST,
MR. DINGLE.
FIRST, I'D LIKE TO START
VVITH SIMPLE THINGS.
(Abernathy)
WONDERFUL.
[applause]
[humming]
[cheering]
[whistles, hums,
snaps fingers]
WAIT A
MINUTE, DINGLE.
AIN'T YOU EVER HEARD OF
BYGONES BEING BYGONES?
(man)
THAT'S AMAZING.
[cheering and applause]
(man)
BRAVO!
HAD ENOUGH?
MOST INFERIOR.
WE GIVE HIM THE
STRENGTH OF 300 MEN
AND HE USES IT
FOR PETTY EXHIBITION.
GIVE HIM 2O OR
3O SECONDS MORE,
THEN REMOVE THE POWER.
EXCELLENT IDEA.
AND I THINK VVE SHOULD BE OFF.
THREE PLANETS ON
TOMORROW'S ITINERARY.
ONE SHOULD BE PARTICULARLY
INTERESTING--
CONTAINS ONLY FEMALES.
AND NOW, LADIES,
AND NOW, LADIES
AND GENTLEMEN,
I BELIEVE THE MOST
UNIQUE TRICK OF ALL
I SHALL RAISE THIS ENTIRE
BUILDING VVITH MY BARE HANDS.
WHAT? RAISE
THE BUILDING?
HE CAN'T
DO THAT.
I DON'T
BELIEVE IT.
[building rumbling]
[electronic crackling]
(man)
I DON'T KNOW.
HE SEEMS TO
HAVE LOST IT.
(man) HE'S A FAKE,
THAT'S WHAT HE IS.
I FEEL
SORRY FOR HIM.
POOR LITTLE GUY,
HE'S LOST
HIS BELIEF.
HE'S A SAD LITTLE MAN, ISN'T HE?
UH-OH!
UH-OH.
[laughter]
ALL RIGHT, LEAVE OFF
OF POOR DINGLE HERE.
EVERYBODY OUT
OF HERE.
COME ON, BEAT IT.
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
YOU HA\/E THIS STATION'S
ABJECT APOLOGY.
VVE DIDN'T REALIZE THAT IT
VVAS A TRICK-OB\/IOUSLY.
WELL, WE'RE
OFF THE AIR.
FOR GOOD, I THINK.
SO LONG, HERCULES.
BRING THAT THING
OUT OF HERE.
[electronic crackling]
(both tall men) HOW
ARE YOU, FELLAS?
(both little men)
NICE SEEING YOU.
WHERE ARE
YOU FROM?
[deep voice] VENUS.
HOW ABOUT YOU'?
MARS. CONDUCTING
EXPERIMENTS?
YEAH, AND YOU?
SUDDEN INTRODUCTION
OF STRENGTH
TO SUBNORMAL EARTH MAN.
HOW ABOUT YOU?
SUDDEN INTRODUCTION OF
EXTREME INTELLIGENCE.
FIND ANY
INTERESTING SUBJECTS?
THAT ONE
OVER THERE.
HE'S REFERRED TO
AS A DINGLE.
HE CERTAINLY IS
SUB-PHYSICAL.
I WOULDN'T BE SURPRISED
IF HE'S SUB-MENTAL, TOO.
LOOKS LIKELY ENOUGH.
GIVE HIM THE
INTELLIGENCE QUOTA RAY.
HOW STRONG?
MAKE IT ABOUT...
LET'S SEE.
PERHAPS 500 TIMES
MORE INTELLIGENT
THAN THE
AVERAGE HUMAN.
[high-pitched beeping]
(male announcer, TV)
ROEBUCK'S READY.
HERE'S THE PITCH.
HIGH AND OUTSIDE.
HE COULDN'T HIT THE
LENGTH OF THE BAT.
I'LL LAY YOU FIVE
TO ONE HE GETS ON.
LOGAN? ARE YOU
OUT OF YOUR MIND?
HEY, HEY, DINGLE.
WHAT ABOUT IT?
WHAT WILL HE DO?
VARIOUS FACTORS ARE
BROUGHT INTO PLAY HERE
INVOLVING TH-TH-THE
LAWS OF PROBABILITY
INTERSPERSED WITH
THE PROCESS OF CALCULUS,
FENAGLIAN LAVVS OF CHANCE AND
THE SUBDIVISIONAL GREPPLE
VVHIOH IS BASED ON THE
POSITION OF BODIES
IN MATHEMATICAL RELATIONSHIP
TO OTHER BODIES.
NOW, IN THIS CASE,
USING THE TWO FACTORS
REPRESENTED BY THE
DIVISIONS INVOLVED
I THINK THAT THE BATTER VVILL
UNQUESTIONABLY HIT A HOME RUN.
A HOME RUN
BY JOHNNY LOGAN.
HOLY MACKEREL!
HOW ABOUT THAT?
LIGHT.
...TWO TO ONE.
A TREMENDOUS BLOW OVER
THE LEFT-FIELD FENCE.
NOW, IT APPEARS TO
ME--lT IS APPARENT
IN A
MATHEMATICAL PLAN
THAT THE ENTIRE
QUANTUM THEORY
OF SPACE AND
TIME RELATIVITY
MUST HAVE BEEN EQUATED
WITH THE PARELLELIAN ROLE
OF DEFINITIVE NUMERICAL
DIALECTIC ALGEBRAIC
AND MUST BE
FURTHER ANNOTATED...
(narrator)
EXIT MR. LUTHER DINGLE,
FORMERLY VACUUM
CLEANER SALESMAN,
STRONGEST MAN ON EARTH,
AND NOW MENTAL GIANT.
THESE LATTER POWERS WILL LIKELY
BE ELIMINATED BEFORE TOO LONG
BUT MR. DINGLE
HAS AN APPEAL
TO EXTRA-TERRESTRIAL
NOTE-TAKERS
AS WELL AS TO FRUSTRATED
AND INSOLVENT BET-LOSERS.
OFFHAND, I'D SAY
THAT HE WAS IN
FOR A GREAT DEAL OF
EXTREMELY ODD PERIODS
SIMPLY BECAUSE THERE ARE
SO MANY INHABITED PLANETS
WHO SEND DOWN OBSERVERS
AND ALSO BECAUSE, OF COURSE,
MR. DINGLE LIVES HIS LIFE
I/V/TH ONE FOOT /N Hl-S' MOUTH AND
THE OTHER /N THE TVVILIGHT ZONE.
(male announcer) ROD SERL/NG',
THE CREA TOR OFTWILIGHT ZONE
WILL TELL YOU ABOUT
NEXT WEEK'S STORY
AFTER THIS WORD FROM
OUR ALTERNATE SPONSOR.
AND NOW, MR. SERLING.
ITEM OF CONSEQUENCE:
A RADIO.
A CARRYOVER FROM
THAT OTHER ERA
WHEN QUIZ SHOWS
WENT UP TO ONLY $64
AND ENTERTAINMENT VVAS
AIMED ONLY AT THE EARS.
MR. CHARLES BEAUMONT
HAS GIVEN US
A MOST UNUSUAL STORY
CALLED STA TIC-.
WE INVITE YOU TO WATCH
MR. DEAN JAGGER
FIDDLE VVITH A FEVV OF THESE
KNOBS, CHANGE A FEVV STATIONS,
AND FIND A
COUPLE OF PROGRAMS
THAT ARE BROADCAST
ONLY IN THE TW/L/GHTZONE.
[eerie music]
(male announcer) SEE THE NEW
ANDY GRIFFITH SHOW EACH WEEK
OVER MOST OF
THESE STATIONS.
CONSULT LOCAL LISTINGS.